Various corrections to documentation (#4276)
lammps/lammps: doc/src/Python_scatter.rst

owned by different processors.

Note that the data returned by the gather methods,

> e.g. :code:`gather_atoms("x")`, is different from the data structure returned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
e.g. :py:meth:`gather_atoms("x") <lammps.lammps.gather_atoms()>`, is different from the data structure returned
```
Using ":py:meth:" as shown here should insert a link to the documentation of the method.
